README.md, before:

# Layton Wiki
This is the repository for the [Layton Fangame](https://github.com/Layton-Fangame/Layton-Fangame) Wiki.

## How to contribute
Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create.<br>
Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request.<br>
You can also simply open an issue with the tag `modifications`.<br>
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

### Why
The repository is not publicly editable so to add your work to the documents you must:
- Make the repository your own.
- Create a new branch for your changes.
- Edit the documents.
- Request a "pull request" to add your chenges to the original repository.

### How
1. Click on the `Fork` button.
2. Click on the `main` button then add a name for your new branch.
3. Edit the documents.<br>
	Or create a new one (to add folders, add a `/` ➜ `/theFolder/theNewFile.md`)
4. Click on the `Pull requests` button.
5. Click on the `New pull requests` button.
6. Click on the `create pull requests` button.
7. Go to the discord server and inform the programming channel that there is a pull request for the wiki.

## Roadmap
- [x] Make a table of contents for the readme.
- [x] Fill in the readme.
- [x] Create documents for the wiki:
	- [x] Game Design
	- [x] Art 
	- [x] Technical
- [ ] Make a table of contents for the documens.
- [ ] Fill in the documents.

## Links
- [Github Markdown Document](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
- [Official Discord Server](https://discord.gg/DSmjVvmBEd)
- [A list of good README](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)

## License
> Copyright 2022-present The Layton Fangame Community
> 
> All resources, including Game assets (images, sounds, videos), are licensed under the [Creative Commons CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), included in the [LICENSE](../main/LICENSE) file

Commit message:

docs: Added guidelines, updated roadmap and links.

README.md, after:

# Layton Wiki
This is the repository for the [Layton Fangame](https://github.com/Layton-Fangame/Layton-Fangame) Wiki.

## How to contribute
Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create.<br>
Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request.<br>
You can also simply open an issue with the tag `enhancement`.<br>
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

### Why
The repository is not publicly editable so to add your work to the documents you must:
- Make the repository your own.
- Create a new branch for your changes.
- Edit the documents.
- Request a "pull request" to add your chenges to the original repository.

### How
1. Click on the `Fork` button.
2. Click on the `main` button then add a name for your new branch.
3. Edit the documents.<br>
	Or create a new one (to add folders, add a `/` ➜ `/theFolder/theNewFile.md`)
4. Click on the `Pull requests` button.
5. Click on the `New pull request` button.
6. Click on the `Create pull request` button.
7. Go to the discord server and inform the programming channel that there is a pull request for the wiki.

## Guidelines
To be as efficient as possible, it is important to have a well-structured table of contents,
that everything is clearly defined, before filling it with google docs.

The objective is to avoid long blocks of text.

## Roadmap
- [x] Create documents if needed for the wiki.
- [ ] Make a table of contents for the documens.
	- [ ] Game Design
	- [ ] Art 
	- [ ] Technical
- [ ] Fill in the documents.

## Links
- [Github Markdown Document](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
- [Official Discord Server](https://discord.gg/DSmjVvmBEd)
- [A list of good README](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
- [The commit convention until we specify it.](https://gist.github.com/qoomon/5dfcdf8eec66a051ecd85625518cfd13#default)

## License
> Copyright 2022-present The Layton Fangame Community
> 
> All resources, including Game assets (images, sounds, videos), are licensed under the [Creative Commons CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), included in the [LICENSE](../main/LICENSE) file
